My Zhou family is only one step away from becoming the Hand of Yun Zhen. But all this has been
You ruined 4 You and Yizi 4 You ruined them all 4 You 4 Yizi 4 Dad 4 I can’t do anything
I don’t know 4 I don’t know anything 4 I’m sorry 4 All this happened today 4 is because my Zhou family doesn’t believe it 4
He wants to be such a rebellious son 4 I will drive him out of the Zhou family immediately 4 It’s better if everything goes as planned 4 Dad
You can't do this to me
Inform God is the group
All cooperation from Yingcheng Zhou family
You will disappear from my eyes immediately
This is why God is a group
If I had told you in advance
Really anyone can sink away
If he really leaves
How could the test be opened? We also lied.
And the person the young master has offended this week
It’s just that Mr. Zhou must have admitted the wrong person.
As the son of his enemy
You two are useless, stop pretending here.
How is this possible?
I handed over to Mr. Zhou with just one phone call.
It turned out to be the Hu generation of the Hu family
I was almost fooled by you two.
You two are pretending to be great here.
Are you looking for a fool by helping him?